
“Ah Ah Ahh! ... Uncle please stop…we…ah…cannot do this…ahh” I panted between kisses as his tongue invaded my mouth, twirling against my own tongue as he gently sucked them with passion.
“Didn’t I tell you to call me ‘Professor’ while we are at work?” he replied mockingly before continuing to defile my mouth. My body froze from shock at what was happening as my hands clenched tightly against his white lab coat. I tried to break my lips away from his kiss only for his warm and large hands to push the back of my head directing my wet lips back towards his hungry lips and seeking tongue once again.

“I’ll give you so much pleasure that you’ll forget all about Lucien…” he chuckled in my ear and whispered to me in his deep and seductive voice. “ah … please …” Another set of moans unintentionally escaped my lips to my own surprise. I was losing control of my mind and body as his big manly hands slowly slid inside my lab coat and cupped my left breast, massaging them intensely. The sensation sent a jolt through me and I started to feel a sudden rush of warmth and stickiness easing out from between my legs. No, I am reacting to him so fast and so strongly. As if he could sense my arousal, his lean body cornered me driving my back against his work table then wedged his left leg in between my thighs. I tried to plead with him to stop but the only sounds that I could produce were sensual moans mixed with my hard breathing. My uncle was now fondling both of my breasts over my clothes.

“No … stop … I can’t …” I moaned and gasped as his tongue slowly licked my ear lobes and then sucked my ear making wet sucking sounds. The sensation was so intense that I opened my eyes wide just to see his handsome face and his eyes burning with desire for me gazing back at me. So similar, I thought in the heat of that moment, his green eyes, dark brown hair, his beautiful straight nose, his playful lips, and his lean and slightly muscular body are so similar to the man I love and have secretly yearned for…my stepfather.  

He kissed me again deeply, thrusting his tongue deep into my mouth. Our mixed saliva dripping out of my lips every time he changed the angle of our kiss. Moaning between our kisses, I could feel his thigh pressed upwards against my throbbing secret passage.

 “You’re grinding your pussy against my leg…”. My whole body froze at his words. I immediately felt embarrassed realizing how much control I have lost to this man. During my shock, his hands quickly tore open the front of my blouse and pushed my bra out of the way to reveal my naked breasts. I felt the cold temperature of the lab on my bare skin and my nipples hardened instantly. The cold was momentary as he quickly covered my left breast with his warm hand and my right nipple with his hot mouth. “No … please!” I cried out in a voice so strained I hardly recognized as my own as I felt his hot tongue lapping fast at my hard nipple as my other breast was squeezed and rubbed hard repeatedly. My hands were in his hair as he continued to suck harder on my hard and swollen nipple. The harder he sucked, the louder I moaned and felt my pussy pulsate and clenched down there. I was losing control to the pleasure and started to grind my pussy harder and faster against his thigh for temporary relief.

“You’re dripping wet down here … I guess your dirty uncle turned you on so much huh?” He whispered cunningly in my ear as his pushed his fingers against the center of my crotch rubbing it through the lace of my underwear.

“You’ve completed soaked through your underwear. Did you cum just from me sucking your breasts?”

Suddenly, my skirt was hiked upwards to hang loosely around my waist and I felt the cold air against my wet and hot area that was now fully exposed. He pulled my underwear all the way down my legs and off in one swift motion. Without the fabric to restrain the wetness inside of me, I felt my love juices slowly spilling out of my private lips onto my thighs, making me realize how wet I have been all this time.

“No more…someone might come in…” I whispered the only excuse I could think of to get him to stop. “Then I guess you better keep those lewd noises you’ve been making down huh?” he replied and thrusted his middle finger into my love hole in one deep and fast motion. I cried out in pleasure, my legs barely able to support my weight and I leaned back against the table for support. Wet sounds filled my uncle’s entire office as he moved his finger in and out of me before curling up inside me to explore the upper of my cave searching for my most pleasurable spot inside.

“Is this where you like it?” he asked in an alluringly husky voice as his finger pressed against my spot. I could feel myself becoming wetter and wetter as he continued to stimulate that spot. I couldn’t take the pleasure building inside my pussy and started grinding hard against his hand as I moaned loudly in abandon. Smacking wet sounds echoed throughout the room mixing with our panting and passionate moans. Sensing that I wanted more, he pushed in another finger inside of me and started thrusting even harder and faster from various different angles. “Your pussy is sucking in my fingers … you are such a slut. I can’t wait to fuck you hard…” he groaned into my ears while fingering me hard and then proceeded to suck on my erect nipples. His other hand pinched my swollen-hard clitoral nub making the sweet ache between my legs unbearable for me and I could feel it approaching…my orgasm.

“You’re twitching so much inside … you’re gonna cum soon right?” he asked in between sucking my nipples with loud mocking sucking sounds. I couldn’t answer him even if I wanted to. My mind was going blank and numb from the pleasure he was feeding me and my body was now moving on its own guided purely by animalistic instinct and lust. I leaned back and wrapped by legs wantonly around his hips while pulling up my pussy to grind rhythmically against his fingers as he intensified the “in-and-out” motion. My arms wrapped around his neck pushing his head in for a wildly deep kiss involving our hot tongue and I cried my climax into his mouth as my release hit me hard. I arched my back against his body and fingers that were still deeply buried in my hole and wrapped my legs tight around his hips drawing his whole body closer to me. The last sensation I remembered before my mind went completely blank was the rush of hot liquid released from the inner depths of my pussy.

“Wake up Natalia…we’re not finished yet” I wasn’t sure if it was his voice or the sensation of my entrance being suddenly stretched that brought me back to my senses. He had lifted me to sit on his work table and I felt it…Big, Hot and Hard as it pumped into my cave. His cock was plunging into my hole as his hands held my legs wide open to grant him access to my inner core. “You’re still so tight down here even after cumming that hard … guess my fingers were not enough for your hungry pussy…”.
He reared back to remove his shaft from me before slamming it all the way inside my quivering pussy. It was both painful and pleasurable at the same time as my pussy walls adjusted to the size and shape of him.

“Don’t clench around me too tightly, I’m about to move…hold your legs open wider for me.” As if bounded by the magic of his command, I held my legs wide open for him as he thrusted fast and hard in and out of my sopping wet cunt. Thrust, thrust, thrust…pumping harder and deeper each time. His big dick was rubbing my inner walls and hitting my womb deep inside with each thrust. Just as his cock was thrusting deep inside me, his tongue was thrusting deep inside my mouth to contain my screams of pleasures as I whimpered passionately into his mouth.

Oh father, please forgive me for this. His face and build which are so similar to my father is turning me on so much. My uncle hoisted me into a sitting position to thrust into me even more deeply and soon he was groaning madly and pumping wildly into me non-stop. I felt like my whole body has melted to mush in his arms and with each stroke of his dick inside of me, I inched closer to my climax.

“I’m … gonna ... gonna …” I panted and wrapped my legs around his hips pushing my pussy up even closer to the base of his cock. “Cum…let’s cum together Natalia!” He panted hard in my ear and scooped my body into his arms lifting my ass off the table and pushing my ass to grind harder and faster against his hips as he wildly pumped his cock inside my pleasure hole. I clenched my legs around his hips and my pussy around his cock one final time before screaming out wildly as my climax hit me again. He screwed his dick into me one last time, his dick twitched and his balls contracted shooting his hot seed deep into my cunt.

**ring ring ring**

“Hi, Lucien. Yup, we’re wrapping up at work now. I will drop your daughter off in a few minutes…No, I don’t think I can stay over for dinner. Alright, see you soon”

“As you heard, your father wants you back now. You better get dressed so I can drive you back home. I wouldn’t want to keep my dear brother waiting to have dinner with his beloved daughter for too long, now can I? ... come down to the car when you’re done.”

I was still exhausted from our steamy session as I felt his cock gliding out of me followed by the mix of our love juices spilling out of my opening onto my legs and the floor. That was when I realized that this was the first time in my life that I did it raw and had a man’s seed buried deep inside me. The smell of our sex hung heavily in the room along with the silence as my uncle dressed and left without saying another word.

I dressed up as fast as I could in my state of confusion and grabbed my bag before heading out of his office down towards the parking lot where he was waiting. What have I done? How did I lose all of my control and give myself over like that to my uncle? What I did was so wrong, immoral, and disgusting…thinking of and desiring my father as I let my uncle fuck me senseless in his office…but wait … how did he know? Cold sweat ran down my spine as I realized that he somehow knew my dark secret. He knew of my love and yearning for my stepfather. Edward, he knows about my forbidden love towards his older brother…

I picked up my mobile and saw a message from my cousin, Zak. “How was the first week of your internship with uncle Edward?  I miss having you in my arms. Let me know if you are free later tonight…Love you always.”

To be continued…

This story is about the time I worked at a hotel,  as a masseuse.  I had worked at the hotel for 2 and half years. It was a good time, but me and management had different opinions about a lot of things, so I parted ways with the company.  The company had a great policy when it comes to uniforms.  The uniforms were white polo with white pants and white shoes for during the week.  The weekend was relaxed,  they allowed us to wear the white polo with some basketball shorts. They didn't care about the color. In my time working at the hotel, I have massage a lot of different types of people.  I didn't mind because  the pay was good, and I still able to wear crazy, skimpy underwear and no one will know.

On one Saturday afternoon,  I was working and I got called to do a massage on the 7th floor.  I didn't mind because the lady said I didn't need my table.   So I grabbed my oils and lotions.  I always carry a duffel bag with me with all my lotions and oils.  I got my duffel bag and went to the room on the 7th floor.  When I got to the room, I knocked on the door.  They yell out to come in. They were 3 BIG BEAUTIFUL WOMEN waiting to get massaged.  They were all naked. The only thing they had to covered was a towel.  I walked and I was instantly turned on. I  didn't know that they all wanted a massage.  I called my manager and asked if there is anybody else to come up to help me with this client's. He said, everyone is busy. I hung up and told the ladies.  They didn't care because they wanted all to be massage.  I said ok, and told them to lie down.

  They asked me what is my name. I told them my name and they introduced themselves.  They were Kelly,  Shanice,  and Monica.   They told me this is a clothing optional room.  Shanice said that means we dont mind you are naked.   I just laughed and took off my shirt.  They saw  my muscles.  Kelly said what about the shorts.  I didn't nothing to hide so I took off my shorts, and the girls saw me in a very revealing thong. Once I did that I started massage them.  They were in organsmic  heaven with the massage.  When I got in front of the women,  they all saw my dick dangle in my thong.    One of them acted like she was giving me head. The other woman just pull down my thong and they saw my dick.  They asked can you fuck us. We won't tell your boss.  I said ok. They all fought to see who was going to first.  I just told them I just Kelly since it was alphabetic order.  They were fine with that. I put my dick in her pussy, and it was sooo wet.  I started to put her legs up and she was going crazy.  She came instantly when I picked up her 2nd leg . Then I moved to Monica and she wanted to do doggy style., so she bend over and I started hit it from behind.  She was screaming and I was smacking her assa and pulling her hair. She came    then Shanice wanted to ride me . She loves to ride me, she said. She got on her legs and started to ride me.  I felt like cumming but I hel back until she came. Then I jacked off and bust it all over the girls titties.  

My Brother Helped Me Saving My Love Life.

Hi, my name is simran. I just finished my teens and enters the twenties. Currently i am doing my second year graduation. I belong to a orthodox family so you can also clearly imagine that how i feel being to a orthodox family when i have no freedom at all. I have parents and one elder brother in my family. And thanks to god that brother is understanding and he supports me. I use to share everything with my brother. He is 10 years elder to me. We have a relation of best friends instead of brother sister. Parents don't even allow me to call my friends or even invite them.

I have a boy friend whom i like the most. He also loves me a lot. His name is gaurav. He is tall and handsome with nice features and muscular looks.  After 4 months of eye gestures he finally asked me to meet outside the college. I was not going to miss it as i also like him but never showed him. So on that day when our college was over. I ran outside the college to meet him. He was waiting for me when i reached there. He took my hand in his hands and said he wants to be with me and i can see it in his eyes. But it was my bad luck that i can't gave him more than 5 minutes to say what he wants to say because my time of reaching home was running short and i was afraid of parents scolding me for being late. I reached home and thinking of him and smiling in my heart.

Next day in college he asked me to meet him in the park near my home. I refused to come because of parents. But he said if i love him then i must come to meet him. I went in my class and asked one of my best friend to help me. She agreed to come to my home in the evening as none of my friends visits me because they also feel scared of my parents. So she came to my house in the evening and hesitantly asked my mom to take me out for a walk. Mom looked at her in different manner. She also got scared that my mom will scold her now but somehow mom gave her permission to take me out for only half hour, not more than that. I got my breaths back and thanks to god. We both left the home in hurry and reached park in a while. Gaurav was waiting there for me. He was looking very charming. Me and my friend reached him and gaurav asked my friend for some privacy so he took me behind some thick bushes. There he hugs me and he tried to kiss me but i was not able to respond him back as he wants from me. The feeling of scareness is running through my whole body and i was not able to do anything. He was kissing me and pressing my boobs above from my top but i was irresponsive. He then stopped and asked me that if i am not liking this. I was not able to answer him. He again asked that i want him or not. I said i want you gaurav. But he said your response doesn't show that you want me. After saying this to me he left and we also left for home. After reaching home i got depressed that gaurav will leave me now.

The next day when we met in college i felt some change in his behaviour. I felt the feeling of being ignored and it broke from heart. I can't accept that he is ignoring me. I went home in depression. At night when the dinner was over and everyone left for their room i started crying in my room. Suddenly brother opens the door and asked me. What happened my baby doll? Why you are crying? Stop crying and tell me what happened. He took me in his room and i told my brother everything about me and gaurav and what had happened in park. Each and everything i told him. And asked him to help me to save my love life. Bro agreed to help me and he said me to invite gaurav to our home tomorrow evening. He then asked me that if i wanted to love gaurav in a physical way or not.? I told him yes i want to but i cant because i know nothing. After 5 mins he took his laptop out and showed me some porn movies and told me that this is called sex. All this happens in sex. I was in shock to see all that and on the same time i started feeling horny too.. My brother asked me to call gaurav and i called him in the midnight and asked him to come to our home tomorrow evening as a friend of my brother. He straight away refused at first and then bro took the phone from me and asked gaurav to come to our home the next evening so that he can sort both of our misunderstanding, then gaurav agreed to come. This makes me little relaxed, after that bro asked me if i really want to save my love then i have to do something. I said i am ready to do anything. Bro asked me to skip my college tomorrow so that he can take me to parlour for waxing. He asked me if i have some sexy lingerie ? I said no i don’t have any. He then asked me to watch some porn and learn some moves and i did the same as instructed and after watching 2 hours of porn i was completely wet and was not able to sleep that night.

The next day bro told my mother that he will drop me to college and will also bring me back as one of his friend is coming in the evening for some business discussion. Mother said ok then she can sleep without disturbance in the evening. I was happy that bro easily convinced mother for the evening and we both then went to the parlour for my full body waxing. After waxing bro took me to college to meet gaurav and there we both met him and bro again asked him to come at our place as the college overs. He then took me to the market to buy some lingerie and some dresses for the evening. He picked up some very sensual lingerie sets and some deep neck tops and single dresses and asked me to try all these i was completely shy and my cheeks were deep red with shyness. I then tried those lingerie sets and those dresses then bro whispered in my ears that i am making some erection there. I blushed with shyness and then he bought me all that stuff.  It was 3 pm now and the college was over. We also reached home and saw that mom was in her room and she was sleeping and we both went upstairs in his room. He asked me to change in those sexy stuff. I picked a blue pushup bra set and same colour deep neck top with beige tights. As i came out of dressing bro commented that if i was not her sister he would definitely makes me his girlfriend. I blushed again, he then started to put some makeup on me and asked me to apply some lipstick also. As he was doing my hair gaurav called and said that he had arrived. I asked bro that gaurav has arrived; bro went down stairs to the gate. Bro brought him to the room and closed the door. I was in dressing when heard the door got closed. Bro asked him to be comfortable. As gaurav was not aware of what was going on and what was going to happen. Bro called me. "simran come out honey, gaurav is here". I was so excited, i just came out of dressing. They both were sitting on the chairs. When gaurav saw me his jaws dropped as he was not able to take his eyes off from my cleavage. And more over he was not able to think what to do as my bro was also present there. I stepped forward and hugged him tightly as instructed by my bro. Bro asked us both to be comfortable as he sits near the door so that he can watch that nobody is coming upstairs. 

Bro asked me again to make gaurav feel comfortable. He then asked me to serve some juice, i poured some juice in glasses and served to bro and gaurav and while serving him i bend more so that he could see my cleavage more. Gaurav was in completely confused situation as he was not knowing that why he was here. Brother then start telling gaurav about our family and he also told him that he wants to help me for my love as he went on telling him everything then gaurav started being some relaxed my brother assured him that when ever he wants to meet simran he can meet her in his room but not anywhere else because of family strictness as now gaurav completely understood everything he got relaxed and gained some confidence. Bro then asked me to sit on gaurav’s lap and i did so he then took gaurav’s hand and put it on my thighs, bro gave me a glass of juice and asked me to serve gaurav with my hands and i went on doing as i got instructed. He drank some sips of juice and then bro again took his hands and now he put it on my left boob and started squeezing it. My cheeks again went red as i put the glass away and started kissing him passionately he also put his hands around me and he was also enjoying now. After kissing for 10 mins bro came to us and said, "i want you both feel comfortable" after saying this he asked gaurav to put his hands under my top and feel my boobs. Gaurav followed him and did as said i was enjoying that moment. Gaurav put his hands under my top and started massaging my boobs. He then took my top off from me as i was wearing my bra he started kissing on my bra and pressing my boobs as he was struggling to open my bra, my bro asked him to kiss me as bro himself opened my bra hook single handed, i was also shocked that bro opened my bra for my boyfriend. And gaurav became totally mad at seeing my boobs as i had maintained my self good. My figure is 34 28 34. Now you can imagine how mad he became. He started sucking my boob. Bro was watching us. As bro again whispered in my ear to open gaurav's jeans button. I did the same. I put my hand on his jeans and opened his zip and button. Gaurav was in complete shock and and excitement. He removed his jeans and took his cock out and it was huge and thick. I got wet to see his huge cock. Bro then asked me to give him pleasure. I kissed his cock tip and then circled it with my tongue. And then started sucking it gently. He was in heaven and saying "suck me baby". I was enjoying every bit of his cock in my mouth. Even tasted his precum. I was only in my panties now. My one hand was rubbing my pussy and other was on his cock. After sucking him for 15 mins he came in my mouth and filled it completely that it came out on my boobs. I then went to washroom to clean my self. Bro also came in to whip the cum completely from my boobs he handed over me the towel to clean my self. I hugged my brother tightly and gave him a kiss on his cheeks without remembering that i was soaked in gaurav’s cum. I thanked my brother for saving my love life and he also caressed my hair with his hands and he kissed me on my head and asked me if i was happy or not. I said i am totally happy now and also said sorry to him for putting gaurav’s cum on his cheek and clothes. He said its completely ok the he removed his shirt and cleansed my boobs with his shirt only and i gave him a tight hug again for being my hero. After 10 mins we both came out of washroom and saw gaurav wore his clothes back and he thanked my brother for this great evening and again kissed me on my lips and on my boobs too. Bro then asked him to visit next weekend again as he will get another surprise and then he left for his home. 

It's not that I had never thought about it at all, but really I thought it was just a fantasy, one that really turned me on. I'll just lay it out straight, just how I saw it and what I was feeling at the time.   So it was the rare visit to the gym I've had a membership at going on five years now. I'm in my 40s now so I know that I have to force myself to get at least some cardio and get my blood flowing, so that things flow naturally as I get older. I would say on average this year I've been going once or twice a week and three times every so often.   Anyways, I was about 15 minutes into my session on the elliptical machine, when out of the corner of my eye I noticed what at first seemed to be a cute little blonde chick walking past me headed straight for the exercise mats. Well, I was definitely getting bored staring out the window thinking about how much I dislike exercise. I had a huge McDonald's craving that I was destined to suppress. So I turned my attention to get a better look at the little blonde, when I noticed some things that really challenged what I thought I knew about myself. You see, what I saw was actually the kind of small blonde teen boy was probably about 17 or 18, but being blonde, light-skinned, and totally smooth, he was naturally young looking.    So now I'm looking at him from top to bottom and I quickly realized that as I was scanning him and guessing his height weight, among other things, that I was actually getting quite aroused. Wild. I would say he stood about maybe 5'6 and weighed in at about 130lbs.. He look just like a young swimmer in that he was quite thin but you could tell his body was lean and fit. You could also tell that he's hairless and quite honestly he could as for a cute teen girl hey sexy teen twink I guess they call it.   First of all, let me describe what he chose to wear to the gym on this sunny Saturday afternoon. While I was in a cheap pair of Adidas shorts and an old t-shirt and the new running shoes I just bought, he was wearing a pair of cut-off jean shorts that were cut so short that on one side you could actually see the bottom of one of his cute round cheeks. It blew me away just noticing how damn sexy his legs were among everything else. On top of that, he was wearing a very small sleeveless t-shirt and the bottom was short enough that it stopped just above his belly button if he was just standing.   Then I noticed that he was barefoot, which I've always found sexy as hell when the feet are small and cute, as his definitely were. The package as a whole really blew me away, and made me realize that he was just a sexy to me as any hot blonde chick could have been. He was alone, and I bet he liked being looked at, and knew that the older men we're going to be staring and lusting over him. I even noticed that he noticed me looking him over and one of the times gave me a sexy little grin knowing full well what was happening. I'm telling you I had thoughts I never had before, I mean just imagining the different outfits he could wear that would just drive me nuts, no pun intended.   This was really starting to drive me crazy and I was going to do something about it. And I actually did. I looked back at him and noticed he was at the pull up bars, which work the arms, biceps shoulders Etc and he was not really doing them right and standing a little awkwardly, so this gave me the chance I'm just going to go over there and offer some help, or at least see if he wanted some help; some training if you will. So I did exactly that...the closer I got to him, the more just absolutely incredible looking he became.

When I got over to him he stopped and listened as I offered to help and show him the correct way to get the best results out of the equipment. He's now right in front of me and I'm seeing just every part of him looking so teen boyish, yet at the same time, like a stunningly sexy girl to me. His stomach was flat, hairless and perfect. I noticed that his arms though still young and small, had a glimmer of some bicep definition showing, and that was hot as I could show him mine and compare his smaller size and how hot it is to be able to help him and watch him grow.

Now, I was going to see about boundaries; so I put my hands on his shoulders and told him to get in front of the equipment again and I would show him the best way to stand, and then how to use the bar effectively with the right amount of weight for him. I just started touching him everywhere and first on his hips where I felt skin for the 1st time. Then put one hand on his belly, and the other on his incredibly well formed little round bum, running my hands down his leg to his knees, having him bend them slightly. I just had to get a feel of the rest, so down his ankles, to his adorably cute and sexy little feet, as I let out a little giggle letting him know I thought it was cute that he was doing this barefoot.

Oh shit, as I quickly glanced at my watch, I realized I had an appointment in a couple of hours and
