After sis left me with blue balls. I didn’t fault her, she 12 and new at this. I went to my room to Finish myself. Yeah, didn’t take long I was so damn horny.

It was a long hour and half before mom got home. The only thing I could think about was banging my little sister with mom. And how to get mom OK with me taking on another girl. A Little, I could now become a Daddy Dom. Sis always loved dresses and doing her hair. I’d have her in stockings and cute little dresses with curls…Awwww damnit, I had to stroke faster thinking about that. Or braided ponytails…so damn hot. I got done and laid there plotting tonight fun.

Mom finally got home and before she started on dinner I had her dress in a sundress with nothing underneath. Well, except the remote controlled dual hole toy I slipped in her. I walked up behind her looked down at her, “spread em now” she glanced around for sis, then her legs went wider. I reached under and slide the toy into her holes. Then went to sit down and watch as I played with the settings via my phone.

I had my mom squirming the whole time she was making dinner. Sis would bounce her way into the kitchen and I’d turn up the setings; speed, intensity, pulse rate or random. Every time I thought she was getting closer I’d shut it all off. She’d look right at me with the look of ‘please make this stop’ I’d smile back and continue to torture her. We had dinner that way too.

It felt fooooorrreeeeevveeeer, till sis went to bed and mom and I could start playing. By now she was so horny she’d do anything. So, I tied her to the bed, blindfolded her and put sound canceling headphones on her. She was tied to the bed spread eagle and everthing open for me. My petite 5 foot nothing hot MILF of a mom tied to my bed for me to use. I’m the luckiest son alive. I slapt her inner thigh and then walked over to my door quietly opened it and sis was standing there in her pjs.

I put my finger to my mouth to keep her quiet. And pointed to a chair I placed there. I also motioned to her pjs, that they had to go. Before I could think her clothes where off. Then my 12 year old sister was sitting naked in my room waiting to watch me do our mom. Wide eyed, knees together kicking her feet with her hands under her. She was eager. And I was so rock hard and needing to cum bad.

I handed a paper to her which said ‘what should I do to her?’ She thought for a second and wrote ‘blow job?’. She looked at me, her look said it all, she didn’t know what that was.

I walked around the far side of the bed so to face sis. Crawled onto the bed. I ran my hands along mom’s side and she shuttered.
I got in place kneeling over top her arm,y junk hanging over my mom’s face. I reached down and grabbed her hair and directed her toward me. She felt the tip on her lips. Being well trained and so very eager to suck on her son. She immediately opened her mouth and craned her neck to try to take as much of me as she could. I helped her and pushed my hips forward. She again took all barley 8 inches of me into her mouth. I positioned myself better so my slave milf. Could better do her job. With little work on my part. I looked up at my sister.

My sister was now standing just a few feet from the bed. Mouth wide open. Staring at what mom was doing to me. All while one hand was rubing between her legs. Her little fingers making wet slurping noises. ‘OH DAMNIT!’ I thought as I filled my mom’s mouth with her sons love. She was a pro, drank every drop and milked the underside of my shaft with her tongue.

I pulled slowly out of her mouth. And rested my hands on her ‘C’ breasts and gave them a squeeze, she loves that. I looked at my sister as to say what’s next. She ran back to the paper and wrote somethings. Throught the wet stains was written ‘make her come’ ueah, i got the hint. Gladly I thought. Though I’m a Dom, the biggest turn on for me is to watch mom orgasm because of what I did.

I hopped of the bed. And walked around to the end of the bed. Sat on the edge on and ottoman, reached under the bed and slide out a box with toys. Showed sis the box and waved for her to pick one. She loves purple so she picked a simple purple one. Which my mom’s likes that one too. I use these just after I cum to give me time to recoup.

Being that my mom is short and was a cheerleader. I tie her very low on the bed. Not only is she spreed eagle, but doing the splits and her tiny sexy ass is just on the edge of the bed.

While sitting on the ottoman, I grabbed my sisters hand and brought her soft tiny body backside against me, facing mom. I put the toy in her hand and turned it on. She jumped a bit not realizing that it vibrated. With the toy in her right hand I placed my hand over hers to guide her.

I had sis run the vibratory slowly up each thigh. Mom started to twitch and thrust her hips despratly trying to get them to contact the toy. I had sis circle her slit and hole. Mom was going nuts she needed release so bad. Had gotten her way charged up with the other toy all evening.

Eventually I made sis slide the toy between our moms soaking wet lips and touch her clit. “Mmmmmm, yes!” Mom quietly shouted. Not to wake sis up of course. I showed sis how nom liked it inserted and her clit rubbed with it.

As sis was getting the hang of it and listening to mom moaning louder and louder. I was able to pay attention to this little girl I had standing between my open legs. Which made me hard once again.

I wrapped my other arm around sis and reached for a breast. She of course wasn’t filled out. But they where just starting to bud. Nipples hard and starting to mound up just slightly. I slide my rock hard shaft between her thighs and against her slit. She reached down and grabbed the head of my shaft sticking out between those cute little thighs.

We were like this for several minutes. Sis looking at what she was doing to mom. Then back at me. Mom had three orgasms like this. Sis was now rocking her hips while still had me in a firm hold. Making sure my dick was rubing her clit. She dropped the vibratory as she had her orgasm.

I had to grab her arms and hold her so she wouldn’t fall into mom. I spun her around and hugged her tight. She was at the right height, I saw the chance and put my mouth down on one of her budding tits. She gasped and held my head there.

“Eat me” She whispered.

And then I got a wickedly good idea.

“Crawl up next to mom’s head” I diected her where to go.

I crawled up next to mom’s head too. And I pulled the blindfold and headset off of her.

And before she could say anything “Hello slave. Sis wants to join and she will. Sis sit on her face.”

The slave tried to stop this from happening. No.

“I have a cattle prod and will give you a shock if you don’t and she doesn’t orgasm. Now sis put your slit on her mouth.”

Sis eagerly gigling she jumped on mom’s fa e and sank her tinny wet slit down to mom’s face. I untied mom’s hands and she immediately grab her daughters ass checks and buried her face into sis’s slit.

This was so hot I had to put my rock hard dick back to use. I hurried down between moms legs to pound her once again. I watched as my sister leaning forward, it gave me a great view of my mom’s tongue working on sis. Which just made me pound harder.

I watched as moms hands pull sis into her mouth. Sis rocked her little hips back and forth. And every time she rocked back, she stuck her ass out towards me. All i could see was moms mouth covering my sisters slit and then her tongue sliding down the cutest of pussies. Then pushing the tip of her tongue into her hole. I reached up to grab my moms tit and the other hand was busy with her clit. My mom started to cum again. And here moans were emptying into my sisters hole. Which made sis cum harder.

I was Done with this. I have to take my sister. I crawled up my mom’s body. It was quick, she’s short. And I grabbed my sisters hips and pushed into her. My Mom paused her licking. I could feel the ever so soft lip of my sister and then resistance of her hyman. I told my slave to keep licking. Sis agreed with just “YES”. Mom now umder us both continued, but this time she started licking us from the bottom of my shaft to siss clit. I was in heaven.

“OH MY….AAAAAHH!” sis screamed out. I felt her body quiver and convulse. I took advantage of her orgasm and pushed myself all the way into her tummy. My mom working her clit. Sis came and came. She was grasping for anything to hold onto. Barried all the way in her, I hugged her from behind and held her there as her body convulsed and shivered. She was breathing hard as her heart rated dropped.

We all stayed in bed that night. Having fun off and on. Mom taught her many tricks and likes of hers. We all slept there together. Mom was on my right, while sis laid on top of me making sure we were always connected at the hips. That’s how our family changed forever.

Harry 2 great nieces were selling candy bars for the school. Uncle can you buy some candy bars from us there for the school. Harry takes out his wallet, and pulls out two 5 dollar bills. His great nieces see a wallet with slot of 100 dollar bills. Uncle let us have a 100 each. Harry LOL them. I would love to, but I can’t if you’re Nana ever found out I gave you a 100 she would kill all 3 of us. They look at each other and said at the same time, that it almost sounds.like . Stereo, we won’t tell. Harry said you mom’s would have my head on a silver platter. Once again both together they won’t find out please. Harry stuck to his guns, NO! Then The oldest cousin named Leanne, whisper in the young ear. Nicole is her name.Then both smile at Harry, Harry was thinking to himself what are they up to. Then once again both of them said smiling at me, well let you see us naked for the 100. Harry was hit between the eyes, caught. Off guard. Harry said, what. They both said come on you.know you want to we might even let you know do some stuff to us. Harry never really noticed his great nieces. He look them up and down, Leanne was the oldest, dark curly hair and blue eyes tall and skinny 12 year old, with little rosebud tits. Nicole was 10 with long blonde hair and blue eyes bbw for her age she was a little bit more wearing a training bra. Harry thought to himself might be fun. Then, they both said, come on you know you want us. Harry said, if I say yes I’m not saying I m, but if I say yes how are you going to hide the money? They both don’t worry about it know one will ever find out, and if we are asked we’ll just say unckle Harry gave it to us. Harry look at Nicole said, Nicole do you know where the Vaseline is in the bathroom? She said, yes do you want me to go get it? Harry said, yes. This might be a good time to say Harry was outside cleaning out the shed getting it ready for a yard sale. Nicole came back with the Vaseline. This is where Leanne spoke up, you get see us naked for the 100, if you want anything else from us that will cost you another 100.and doing to use and cream pieing us will cost you another 100. Leanne was wearing tea shirt, jeans and white socks and cute black shoes. Nicole the same except white shoes. Harry look at his watch and said we have about 2 hours before they all get back. By the way the shed is out in the back yard no one can see. Harry told the girls to go to the back of the shed and take all there clothes off, when they were done to come stand in the doorway.after about 5 mins both girls were standing in the doorway buck ass naked. Harry tell Leanne to go to the back of the shed and sit on the couch and hold her legs up in the air. She does. Both girls look incredible naked and both of them have a little peach fuzz. Harry takes out his 6 inch hard cock. Both the girls eyes get big as saucers, both say at the same time, uncle it’s so big hope it fits in. Harry rubs his cock up and down Leanne little 13 year old slit, after awhile LeAnn 12 year old pussy starts to get wet. Harry is waiting to fuck her 12 year old virgin pussy right now, but he doesn’t know if LeAnn is wet enough, so he asked Nicole to pass him to pass him the Vaseline, Nicole does, Harry puts some Vaseline on his cock and around the entrance of LeAnn virgin pussy opening. Harry tell Leanne to hold still, you are going to hurt at first and when I pop your cherry you are going to bleed,but the wetter you get the better you will feel, and there going to be a time that you are going to feel like.you need to pee, just let it go you are having a orgasm. Harry takes his cock again and goes up and down Leanne small 12 year old virgin slit. Harry pushed his cock into her 12 year old virgin slit pussy, Leanne crying out OMFG it Hurts SO BAD! As Harry starts to fuck her in and out in and out. LeAnn virgin pussy hurt her Bad! Harry keep going in and out in and out as LeAnn keep crying. OH Nicole It HURTS SO BAD! She said through tears. Finley Harry reach LeAnn virgin cherry and pop it. OMFG, Nicole IM BLEEDING! Harry keep fucking LeAnn. LeAnn crying and balling and screaming out OMFG I got to pee. Then LeAnn rember what Harry said her body starts shaking and she lets go her first orgasm. LeAnn close her eyes oh good night it feels so good yes yes Yes YES! FUCK ME! Harry tell Leanne. To hold on he’s going to cum in her. Harry yells out I’m CUMMING! LeAnn tell Nicole OMFG Nicole I can feel his cum in me it’s warm.to be continued. Now here you go you geek nerd bitch s grade my English paper.

The receptionist greeted me with a smile and began to check us in. As she did, I enjoyed a good look at her. Her name tag said Claire, and she was young and pretty, probably about Emily’s age, with dark straight hair in a cute ponytail and big brown eyes. She was wearing a dark skirt that hugged her slender hips, and a white blouse that was tight around her breasts. I didn’t even notice as Emily came up beside me until she teasingly poked me for staring. “Okay sir, you’re all set. I hope you enjoy your stay at –“ Claire stumbled when she saw Emily for the first time, wrapping her arm around mine. As I mentioned, Claire was about the same age as Emily – who was just entering high school. Emily’s white blouse was also tight, but while Claire’s chest was hidden by a matching bra, Emily’s red bra was visible through the thin material. And yet her nipples were visibly pushing against the fabric. “ –at the…Lover’s Suite. Please let me – I mean us – know if you need anything.” Claire flushed as she passed me the key.

I wrapped my hand around her fingertips as I held the key. “Thank you so much, young lady. Perhaps later tonight you can come up and check on us. Make sure we’re satisfied.” We both gave her a smile as Emily rested her hand on ours. Claire’s eyes widened and she started to breathe a little heavier. “Yes sir, that sounds good.” She reluctantly let go of the key and we made our way towards the elevators. I noticed Emily swinging her developing hips a little more than usual as Claire watched us leave.

She and I joined Sarah at the elevator. I gave my fiancée a kiss. At 22, she at least looked old enough to kiss a man in his 30s in public. Sarah looked a lot like her niece, but with more developed curves. Short, with strawberry blonde curls and pretty blue eyes, a button nose and gorgeous smile. While Emily’s still growing chest had just reached a C-cup, her aunt had fully grown into a D. And I knew Emily’s remaining baby fat would soon melt away into a skinny waist and full hips and butt like Sarah. I grabbed the suitcases as Sarah called to Mikayla and Jessica. They were chatting – maybe flirting? – with a pair of boys about their age in the lobby. But Sarah’s younger nieces came skipping towards us hand-in-hand to join us in the elevator.

The younger girls playfully fought to see who could press the button for the top floor first. But before the doors could close, an older couple joined us. We all squeezed together to accommodate them. They didn’t notice as I slid my hand up Jessica’s skirt to rub her tight young butt. The couple got off on a lower floor, and as soon as the door closed Jessica jumped up and wrapped her arms around me. I held her up by her ass as we kissed passionately. Our tongues danced until the doors opened on our floor. I handed Mikayla the room key and she went off to find it. Jessica hopped down and ran after her. Sarah and Emily walked after them, holding hands. I watched them sneak a quick kiss as I followed with the suitcases to the door at the end of the hall.

Mikayla was already inspecting the large open room, bouncing from corner to corner. Jessica looked over the kitchenette, checking the fridge for treats. Emily flopped down on the giant round bed and looked at herself in the mirrors along the wall and ceiling. Sarah inspected the bottle of champagne on ice by the bed. There were five glasses and a bowl of strawberries and cream next to it, just as we requested.

“Honey, why don’t you pour some champagne for us while I help the girls get more comfortable? I leaned over Emily on the bed, kissed her on the lips, and then moved down. Her skirt was longer than Jessica’s, and I saw why as I hiked it up. Her bright red panties are crotchless, showing the small tuft of hair just above her button. “These are very cute, sweetie,” and then I dove in, licking her tender clit. She let out a gasp as I stuck a finger in her tight but wet pussy.

Hearing Emily, Jessica came over to the bed. Still horny from the elevator, her braless nipples poked through her thin shirt. She slid out of her skirt, revealing low-cut, black string bikini panties. Taking a glass from Sarah, she had a sip. “Hehe, the bubbles tickle!” She took another sip, climbed on the bed, and kissed Emily. I could see the champagne stream between their lips as they kissed. A little ran down Emily’s cheek and neck. She spasmed a little as her younger cousin cupped her breast and I pressed my finger against her g-spot. Jessica started to unbutton Emily’s blouse.

After pouring the champagne, Sarah and Mikayla settled into the plush sofa with their glasses. (Little Mikayla only had half a glass to start with.) Sarah wrapped an arm around Mikayla. “I love Jessica’s cute little panties.”

“Can I get a pair like that?” Mikalya snuggled with her aunt, resting her head against Sarah’s chest.

“Of course! You would look so pretty in those.” As they watched me lick and finger Emily’s pussy, Sarah’s hand reached down to rub Mikayla’s thighs. The small girl parted her legs just enough to allow Sarah’s hand to press against her mound. Sarah could feel her tiny pussy lips through her thin leggings. Mikayla purred as a finger traced up and down her privates, occasionally clamping her legs and squeezing her aunt’s wandering hand eyes glued to the scene in front of them.

Emily splayed out on her back as her blouse was opened, revealing her bra. The mystery of her visible nipples in the lobby was revealed, quite literally. The red lace matched her panties, but it had open cups, exposing a pair of puffy nipples.

Never one to deny her own pleasure, Jessica reached a hand into her own panties as she latched on to Emily’s nipple and began sucking. I noticed her shifting to give Sarah and Mikayla a view of her tiny butt, her hand stretching out her cute panties.
Jessica dripped a little champagne onto Emily’s nipples, finished her glass and dropped it to the carpeted floor. She licked her cousin clean and continued to suck on one nipple while pinching the other. I could hear the faint sounds of her fingering herself under her panties with her free hand.

Emily tried to play with Jessica’s nipples but was soon too distracted with her own pleasure. Her moans became faster, and a little louder. She bucked her hips in pleasure as I slid a second finger in her sweet pussy. She tasted delicious; I couldn’t wait to share it with the others when we kissed later. I pumped my fingers in faster and harder as I licked and sucked on her button. My pinky teased her tiny butthole but didn’t enter. Emily let out a long, loud moan as she tensed, then began to convulse. Her pussy pulsed tightly on my fingers. Finally, she collapsed into the soft bed, panting and beginning to sweat.

Meanwhile Sarah had helped Mikayla to her feet and start tugging at her leggings. She smiles and squirmed away from Sarah, wanting to do it herself. Her cute little butt stuck out as she teased her leggings lower. As her pink cotton briefs were visible Sarah gave Mikayla a playful swat. The sound took Jessica’s attention away from Emily. She continued to rub her sensitive clitty as she watched Mikayla strip.
Feeling a little tipsy already, Mikayla stumbled as her leggings came off. Sarah reached up to support her, and to help her with her top. The young girl raised her hands and Sarah pulled up, revealing a beautiful flat chest with tiny pink nipples that hardened in the open air. Holding her narrow hips Sarah whispered into her ear. “Go over there and help Jessica take that cock out.” Mikayla was all smiles as she jumped onto the bed next to Jessica and they both looked hungrily at my bulging crotch.

I crawled on to the bed to settle down next to Emily, who looked dazed but satisfied. The other two girls scrambled over to my lap. As they fumbled with my belt, I wondered if the champagne was a little too much for them. Mikayla and Jessica pecked kisses at each other as they worked on my pants. Kissing necks, cheeks, lips. Jessica finally took her hand out of her panties as Mikayla unzipped my pants, and they pulled them completely off together. Mikayla grabbed the spaghetti straps of Jessica’s tank top, and pulled it down. Her cousin’s A-cup breasts and small yet hard nipples were exposed, causing my cock to twitch in my boxer briefs.

The girls returned their attention to me. Kissing my stomach and thighs, rubbing their hands on my swollen manhood. Finally, staring into my eyes with a mischievous smile, Jessica grabbed the waistband and pulled down. My prick sprang up and hit Mikayla in the face. She gave a startled shriek and giggled. Intent on returning the favor, she took my uncut 7 inches and tried to hit Jessica in the face. But Jessica caught my cock in her mouth and immediately started sucking. Mikayla stroked me into Jessica’s mouth as she leaned in further to lick the base of my shaft and balls. “Oh my god, you girls feel so good!” Is all I can manage to moan out.

Sarah snuggled up on the bed on Emily’s other side as the girl lazily played with her nipples. They both watched Mikayla lick and suck my balls, proud of how quickly Emily’s baby sister had taken to this naughty new lifestyle. She had only been invited to join our fun a month ago, as a grade school graduation present.

As the younger girls struggled to suppress their giggles in order to play with my cock in their small mouths, Emily’s hand drifted in between Sarah’s leg. Sarah realized that she was the only one still fully dressed. She began to unbutton her jeans, and Emily kissed me softly then moved to help slide the tight clothes off Sarah’s curvy hips. She was wearing a dark purple thong underneath, its lace front just barely covering her freshly shaven pussy.

I always liked that thong on her, and hoped she had the matching bra. But it was hard to focus on my fiancée with two cuties at my lap. Jessica would suck for a little while, then pull out my shaft and feed it to Mikayla, who would greedily accept. Then Mikayla would switch back. If it wasn’t so insanely hot, it would have been cute.

Jessica certainly knew how to put on a show. While Mikayla was pretty much lying on top of my leg, Jessica was on her knees, back arched, her adorable ass sticking up for everyone to see. I stroked both the girls’ cheeks. Mikayla caught Emily’s scent on my fingers. She took my cock out, fed it to Jessica, and then grabbed my fingers and started sucking her sister’s pussy juices off me.

It finally became too much for me. “Which one of my gorgeous girls wants the first ride?”
